Remove usage of keys from prompty (#37708)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/evaluation/azure-ai-evaluation/CHANGELOG.md

)
```

> - Simulator now requires configuration to call the prompty within the `azure_ai_project`. This enables key-less usage of the simulator.

Reviewer: `AzureAIProject` and the model configs are separate for evaluators: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/evaluation/azure-ai-evaluation/azure/ai/evaluation/_model_configurations.py. I think we should keep them separate for simulator as well and not have two different schemas depending on what part of the SDK is being used.

Author: changed to use `model_config`

)
```

> - Simulator now requires configuration to call the prompty within the `azure_ai_project`. This enables key-less usage of the simulator.

Reviewer: this entry probalby needs some rewording 😄

Author: Done

)
```

> - Simulator now requires configuration to call the prompty within the `azure_ai_project`. This enables the usage of simulator with Entra ID based auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simulator now requires a model configuration configuration to call the prompty instead of an Azure AI project scope. This enables the usage of simulator with Entra ID based auth.
```

Before:
```python
azure_ai_project = {
    "subscription_id": os.environ.get("AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"),
    "resource_group_name": os.environ.get("RESOURCE_GROUP"),
    "project_name": os.environ.get("PROJECT_NAME"),
}
sim = Simulator(azure_ai_project=azure_ai_project, credentails=DefaultAzureCredentials())
```
After:
```python
model_config = {
    "azure_endpoint": os.environ.get("AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT"),
    "azure_deployment": os.environ.get("AZURE_DEPLOYMENT"),
}
sim = Simulator(model_config=model_config)
```

> If `api_key` is not included in the `model_config`, the prompty runtime in `promtpflow-core` will pick up `DefaultAzureCredential`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `api_key` is not included in the `model_config`, the prompty runtime in `promptflow-core` will pick up `DefaultAzureCredential`.
```

Reviewer: small typo :)
